---
layout: post
title: 4th One Here, and It's Just Like The Rest - Awesome!!
excerpt: <p> Short ribs cow shank flank. Frankfurter salami picanha cow, ham hock t-bone pork belly pork chop prosciutto short ribs flank ground round pork shoulder spare ribs. Picanha swine bresaola short ribs. Pork belly pork chop cupim bresaola tri-tip, leberkas fatback pork loin sausage shankle.</p>
---

Short ribs cow shank flank. Frankfurter salami picanha cow, ham hock t-bone pork belly pork chop prosciutto short ribs flank ground round pork shoulder spare ribs. Picanha swine bresaola short ribs. Pork belly pork chop cupim bresaola tri-tip, leberkas fatback pork loin sausage shankle.

This is a test paragraph. And this is another test paragraph/sentence. This is a test paragraph. And this is another test paragraph/sentence. This is a test paragraph. And this is another test paragraph/sentence. This is a test paragraph. And this is another test paragraph/sentence. This is a test paragraph. And this is another test paragraph/sentence. This is a test paragraph. And this is another test paragraph/sentence. Aentence. This is a test paragraph. And this is another test paragraph/sentence. This is a test paragraph. And this is another test paragraph/sentence. This is a test paragraph. And this is another test paragraph/sentence. This is a test paragraph. And this is another test paragraph/sentence.

+ First step
+ Second step
+ Third step
+ 3.5 step

***
I hope this comes along quicker. [This goes to Google](https://www.google.com)

> This is a blockquote.

I start my morning with a cup of coffee and the [The New York Times][ny times].

[ny times]: http://www.nytimes.com/

I strongly recommend against using any `<strong>` tags (haha). Let us let the CSS do what it was made for! `font-weight: bold` 
